Well I've gone ahead and added the baseboards U-V mapped all the walls and added the materials for both
the baseboard and the main part of the wall.
There are a couple of things I want to do before I take this all into unity and see how it works.
I'd like to get the naming conventions pretty much the same between the material and the object itself.
So if I select this wall back here this back wall of the kitchen and press the End key I can come down
here and see that this wall is called Wall back 0 0 2 you can see it here in the outliner.
What I want to do is make sure that it's called the same as it's main material.
So here in the materials panel I'll just select that press control or command see and then paste this
here.
And for this one I've got a wall kitchen left and baseboard kitchen left and it is kitchen left but
it's also a living room right.
So why don't I call this center instead of kitchen left.
Just change that here.
And naming is a big thing actually.
Once you get a fairly complex project going in blender in Unity your naming conventions and your organization
is actually pretty important.
So I'm going to change this as well to center just so I know what that is.
So I'll select that name from the Tiriel copy.
And let's paste it right here.
This one let's make sure we've got this correct.
This is Wall living room back.
Yeah.
And I'll just go through and make sure that all of the names of the walls are the same as the main material.
Name.
It's just going to help me out.
Once we get everything into unity now that I have everything named you can see that I've also created
a template object for the windows that should go here along the wall I've just duplicated the door template
and brought it over here to the window wall.
And if I select that wall you can see I've already gone ahead and inserted the edge loops like we did
around the doors all turn off this layer so we can't see the template.
And I'm just going to go ahead and select these faces and get rid of these the same way we did the doors
and I'll also take one of these windows select the edges here centered up with the period key.
I'll go ahead and press control E and choose bridge edge loops.
Now with that still selected I'll hit the P key to separate to that by selection.
Now it is its own object.
I can then take that and select the edges around here.
Scale them out a bit x x and I can extrude up press the e key and hit enter and then what I'll do is
scale out in just the y and z axes so I'll press.
As for scale and then shift x to make sure I do not scale in the x axis and then I'll just expand these
out just a bit.
We're going to need to do some extra scaling here so now I'll go s z and bring these back in a bit.
So they kind of match the sides there and then I will scale these in toward each other so we enter x
x scale them in towards each other.
So they intersect with the wall they're in there we've got a basic window frame.
The pivot point is down here.
Let's set the origin to the geometry.
There it is.
And maybe I'll just shrink it in just a little bit here I'll hit s shift x and then press the shift
key to scale and just a little tiny bit now I can come over here and hit the three key the five key
the Z key and now I'll just press shift D and Y and move this over shift d y and move this over.
All right I'll hit the Z key to go back to solid shading five key to go back to perspective and then
we've got the basics of our windows.
I've still got to put the double hung frames in the window sill here beneath the window and ultimately
I'll probably put some sort of blinds or curtains that hang down so we can't see out the windows too
easily.
All right.
Well you know what we should do is we should go ahead and U-V map these before we take anything into
Unity's so we can include these along so I guess I don't need these right yet.
I'll go ahead and delete those.
I'll use the map this one and then all duplicated over so I'll press shift h and then period to center
it up.
And I guess I'll just split it out like this let's just let's just press alt and click this edge and
alt shift and click these edges here let's press control E and Mark scheme and then let's also be sure
and remember in object mode press control a and rotation and scale.
So now if we go to our U-V editing screen lay out and go to Edit mode let's select everything you and
unwrap and then we go that looks pretty good.
All right.
So now that we have that U-V map let's go back alt h to bring everything back and then let's go through
that process one more time of just copying that over.
All right so now let's give this a try LIT's.
I'm going to just turn on the first layer where all of our wall door window objects are I'll hit the
A key to select all of these and I'll come up here do file and export and SBX.
I'll be sure and check selected objects and I'll put this in my exports folder.
And let's call this let's just call this walls.
Let's give it a try export SBX and then we go.
Let's go over to unity here in Unity.
I will open up a Finder window and let's go back to our exports folder.
And here is our walls FBA X-File.
I'll take it.
I'll drag it into the scene drop it into the assets folder and there it is.
So now if we look at our materials folder now that we've dropped that in look at all of the materials
that it's brought along.
Right.
So let's drag this in.
I'll just take this and drag this into the hierarchy.
And there we go.
So there is the walls of our apartment now select that couch and I'll just click on the green part of
the gizmo here to slide it around on the floor and I'll bring that over here and put it maybe against
the wall here just so we get a sense of how that is going to look and if we take a look at one of our
walls I'll just select this one here.
Click on it one more time and that selects that individual wall within the FBI X group that came in.
You can see that within that one wall.
I'm going to press the F key to zoom in and frame it up here.
You can see that within that one object of the wall.
We have two materials.
So we've done this two ways.
Now one we've brought in a collection of objects each with its own material.
The next one we brought in a collection of objects and each object has multiple materials.
The next thing we'll do is we'll take a look at how to bring in an object with multiple materials and
multiple U-V maps.
So so far with the walls we've just had one U-V map for all of the cases that make up each material.
What we'll do the next time the next object we bring in will actually have all one object multiple materials
and a U-V map for each of those materials.
But before we get to that I just want to run around our apartment and see how it feels so I'm just going
to hit the play button here.
And once again with WASC and the mouse I'm going to run around and whoa really quickly I'm going to
run around really fast and take a look at how this feels so we look at our wall and that's not bad.
Our Windows our door it's feelin pretty good like it's an actual space that we could walk around in.
Yeah I think this will work.
I think I might want to adjust the speed of my movement here so I'm going to select that player and
come over here to the movement settings and the forward speed is 8 right now let me go let me take that
down by half.
I'll go for and let's see how that works.
I'll hit play again.
And that that's a little bit better.
I was moving around a little bit more now of course we can run right through the walls now.
Right.
We don't have colliders on them.
We can of course put colliders on these if we wanted to do that.
All we have to do is just select one of the walls and choose add component physics box Collider and
there we go.
Now we can also take all of these and create box colliders for them all at once so if I like this wall
let's say this wall and this and this and this and this.
Now I could come up here to add component physics box Collider and now we've got colliders on all of
the walls so if I hit play and I run real hard at it.
If I can't go through it.
There we go.
All right.
So we're looking pretty good.
So in the next video what let's do is work on an object where as I mentioned we have multiple materials
and a map for each of the materials.